father Antonio sake
yeah
so what is the route here the drive man
session fear bribes everything your life
is governed by fear every decision you
make is a private-public includes the
doctors because you're scared of dying
you get married because you are scared
of dying
there is nothing in society
so oxygen is a serious brewery that
they're coming up
for that year copilot actually started
to emit signals of sunlight do they show
that there are similar tonight with my
disabilities the vesicle Moscow in half
with a push to the stage may think that
it was about there aside of the most
methodical that's it meet select the
moment it gets sued anybody education on
that you get the idea of electron
travels tradition and excellence and
artisan appetizer
second - what a pity that I dig a
Porsche digital I guess it was that
staff you in English you know if you
really will go to England so those
weekend getting which is not mandatory
because you can pre call your
performance so you are not sing a song
with these color paper generally but
you're invincible is can manage yourself
in English my English conversation so
thing if you were about to cut up their
family's safety words in English was no
character yes a46 doctor Jonathan crane
is a former psychiatrist who went in
safety is prevented on subjects that's
before them so people which is why he
was banned and became a resident in
Arkham Asylum which she was cycling a
physical asset so from a street he
became unhappy at the others you're
attracted to back in u.s. you have a
bigger stage bigger deficit in as an
impact natural negative attitude
officially is opportunity to attack